edu/birzeit/DataBaseHelper.java
 edu.birzeit.DataBaseHelper
edu/birzeit/ui/destinationMenu/DestinationMenuViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.destinationMenu.DestinationMenuViewModel
edu/birzeit/ui/callUs/CallUsViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsViewModel
edu/birzeit/ui/favorites/favoritesViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.favorites.favoritesViewModel
edu/birzeit/Customer.java
 edu.birzeit.Customer
edu/birzeit/ui/reservations/ReservationsViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsViewModel
edu/birzeit/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.home.HomeViewModel
edu/birzeit/ui/profile/ProfileViewModel.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileViewModel
edu/birzeit/DestinationActivitiesJsonParser.java
 edu.birzeit.DestinationActivitiesJsonParser
edu/birzeit/BuildConfig.java
 edu.birzeit.BuildConfig
edu/birzeit/ConnectionAsyncTask.java
 edu.birzeit.ConnectionAsyncTask
edu/birzeit/DestinationActivity.java
 edu.birzeit.DestinationActivity
edu/birzeit/HttpManager.java
 edu.birzeit.HttpManager
edu/birzeit/LoginFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.LoginFragment
 edu.birzeit.LoginFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.LoginFragment$2
edu/birzeit/RegisterFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.RegisterFragment
 edu.birzeit.RegisterFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.RegisterFragment$2
 edu.birzeit.RegisterFragment$3
edu/birzeit/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
edu/birzeit/ui/favorites/favoritesFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.favorites.favoritesFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.favorites.favoritesFragment$1
edu/birzeit/ui/profile/ProfileFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$2
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$3
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$4
 edu.birzeit.ui.profile.ProfileFragment$5
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentDestinationBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentDestinationBinding
edu/birzeit/MainActivity.java
 edu.birzeit.MainActivity
 edu.birzeit.MainActivity$1
edu/birzeit/ui/callUs/CallUsFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsFragment$2
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsFragment$3
 edu.birzeit.ui.callUs.CallUsFragment$4
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentDestinationmenuBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentDestinationmenuBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
edu/birzeit/NavigationDrawerActivity.java
 edu.birzeit.NavigationDrawerActivity
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
edu/birzeit/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.home.HomeFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.home.HomeFragment$MyAdapter
edu/birzeit/ui/destinationMenu/DestinationMenuFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.destinationMenu.DestinationMenuFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.destinationMenu.DestinationMenuFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.ui.destinationMenu.DestinationMenuFragment$MyAdapter
edu/birzeit/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.ContentMainBinding
edu/birzeit/ui/reservations/ReservationsFragment.java
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsFragment
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsFragment$1
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsFragment$2
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsFragment$3
 edu.birzeit.ui.reservations.ReservationsFragment$MyAdapter
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/RowBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.RowBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentCallUsBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentCallUsBinding
edu/birzeit/LoginRegistrationActivity.java
 edu.birzeit.LoginRegistrationActivity
edu/birzeit/databinding/ActivityNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.ActivityNavigationDrawerBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentReservationsBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentReservationsBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
edu/birzeit/databinding/ActivityLoginregistrationBinding.java
 edu.birzeit.databinding.ActivityLoginregistrationBinding
